The best information that I could give you if you're trying to understand
what you should do for your future career is to learn as much information
about it as possible. So for me I joined the nuclear technician
field and I didn't even know what they did. I thought we were
going to be working on nuclear bombs and I think if I would have known
a little bit more about it then I would've had better jump start
for my career. So for instance if I knew about like, that the nuclear
technology field dealt with the internals of making nuclear power
with uranium, then I would study more about that, and my schooling would
had a better, I would've understood my schooling a lot better.
If I would have picked up a little bit of electrician knowledge beforehand,
like for instance, I had no idea what the difference between
voltage and current was until I was midway in my A school, my initial
school learning. So it would be really nice if I would have understood
some of those basic concepts before I started the school. My grades
would have been higher, I would have gotten more awards, maybe
I would've understood the material, the complex material that was being
presented to me in a much, in a much better way if I would've had
like fifty or sixty percent knowledge beforehand. So I wouldn't have
missed out on all of those like. those minor advanced topics during
class. So I guess my advice is learn about your job before you go
into it.